# Glossary

Here we will provide definitions of terms that relate to Violin. Our hope is that these definitions will help clear up any confusion you may be experiencing in regards not only to Violin but Defi as a whole. 

One term that we will get out of the way right now is **Fungible**. A **fungible** token is a token that can be seperated into pieces and each piece is indistinguashible from one another. Ideal for for those tokens with 10,000,000,000 pieces, popularly known as erc 20s. Standing opposite them are erc 721s, more commonly known as **N**on **F**ungible **T**okens, or **NFT**s. These class of tokens are very distinguishable from one another and therefore allow developers to tokenize date in unique ways for unique users. With that out of the way, lets get to the rest of the terms.
- **L**
- Lockers: Lockers are smart contracts that offer users a simple mechanism: they will lock up a token for a set period of time. This is most often done so that the token cannot be accessed and sold off to the detriment of the rest of the general defi populous that holds the token. This can be done with LP tokens (for a yield farms inital liquidity pool) or for large portions of a a single token (to help mitigate minting and selling off before anyone else has a chance to profit).
- Locker Reciepts as ERC-721: After a successful deposit into one of our Lockers, you will recieve an ERC-721 token. This is proof of your deposit into our Locker system and will act as your reciept. This is the only way to recieve your tokens after the alotted time has passed and you are eligible to reclaim your initial liquidity/native token. Losing this token means losing any future claim to your deposit. Furthermore, the owner of this token will be eligible to claim the deposited liquidity/native token when the alotted time has passed. So be sure it is in the posession of whoever you wish to eventually re-claim the deposit. 
- **P**
- Performance Fee - The base fee structure that is charged across the board from within each Vault. Your deposit is not charged and your withdraw is not charged. We take a small percentage of the accrued rewards that we have earned on your behalf, and this only upon your withdrawal and on the withdrawn amount. For example: your deposit has earned \$100 and you would like to withdraw this amount. During the withdrawal transaction, your performance fee is charged and \$5 is deducted from your total rewards, so you will receive $95 in total, before any relevant slippage or other factors are also applied.
- **S**
- Strategy - The term used to describe the underlying Smart Contract logic that is responsible for buying, selling, and compounding all tokens relevant to your particular vault. Strategies run the gamut from simple to complex, and our Vaults here at Violin focus especially on user safety. We make as few sacrifices as possible when it comes to safety vs potential gains. 

 

- **V**
- Vault: Vaults can be found throughout the defi space and are also commonly referred to as "yield aggregators". A vault does the job of compounding your farm rewards for you and returning them in the form of a growing deposit. For example: you deposit 100 lp tokens into a Violin vault and leave it alone for a week. When you come back your deposit has grown to 110 lp tokens. Vaults use their "strategies" (the smart contract code they are comprised of) to optimize several aspects of your farming experience. They will essentially farm for you at a rate that is likely optimal to your own manual farming, doing all the work of harvesting, selling, and compounding far more efficiently than if you were to do it on your own. 
- **Z**
- Zapper: A tool aimed at simplifying entry into liquidity positions and vaults. With a zapper tool, all a user needs to supply is the token they want to provide liquidity for. For example: You have \$5000 USDC and want to enter into a stablecoin lp with USDT. You go to the zapper tool and select the USDC/USDT pair, then input how much USDC you want to deposit. You want to deposit the entire \$5000, so you enter that and click Zap!. The tool then turns your $5000 USDC into a USDC/USDT lp worth the same amount. Zappers do this for any pair that they are programmed for e.g. bnb/usdc, bnb/cake, etc. Furthermore, the Zapper can also take this lp and deposit it into the relevant Violin vault. This takes all the steps that were previously necessary out of your way and replaces them with one simple button: a Zapper.   
